have you ever wished that you could be
in a documentary that you are
interesting enough to be the subject
that millions of people watch well I
wondered that and and that wish came
true I managed to get some early footage
of an upcoming documentary that'll be
released soon and I figured that we
could sit down together and take a look
at it here we observe a f fascinating
specimen of homo sapiens seemingly lost
in contemplation note the deliberate
positioning of a digit against the
labial aperture a gesture often employed
during periods of intense cognitive
processing the digit Retreats and a
subtle shift in facial musculature
suggests a nent idea taking form the
eyes previously unfocused now possess a
glimmer of purpose it appears our
subject is preparing to vocalize to
share its thoughts with the wider world
it's a fascinating display of cognitive
processing unfolding in real time before
our very eyes the eyes narrow slightly
focusing intently on something just
beyond the frame this creature is
clearly formulating a response and now a
curious display the creature presents a
brightly colored artifact a sponsor
magnet it it's called seemingly a key to
attracting well that was amazing but I
have a little secret to tell you I made
it all up there was no film crew in my
office I made that in a few seconds
leveraging Gemma
327b along with a voice from 11 Labs so
let's take a look at how I made it but
first off Gemma 3 is a multimodal model
it will accept text and generate new
text but it will also accept images and
generate text from that now Gemma 3 was
released on olama a few weeks ago but
recently olama fixed a problem with the
API to now allow multiple images to be
sent to a multimodal model here is a
simple app I made to send a prompt and
multiple images to the model you can see
how simple it is just reads the prompt
then adds each image to an array that
sends all of that to the model and spits
out the response so let's ask it to
write a story about these images old man
Tyber hadn't left his small coastal town
in decades he'd seen the world once a
world way he'd been particularly drawn
to the Jaguar it lay sprawled in the
shade a magnificent creature trapped
within a cage hole yog YT nonfat plain
Greek medium cheddar
cheese it went on a Litany of healthy
choices blue cyinder with
rpwf emblazened on the side hel a
glacier in Alaska the sheer scale of it
the icy blue depths the feeling of being
utterly insignificant in the face of
Nature's sometimes all it took was a
grocery list a new water filter and a
memory of a distant glacier to see it
so that's fun but I wanted to take it a
little bit further and I built another
little test app to play with this
feature based on a video I had seen a
couple of years
ago here's what the app looks like at a
super high level first there's a simple
CLI app written in Dino which uses
typescript I actually created this in
Wind surf which made it with pretty much
a single prompt with no back and
forth unfortunately Andre karpathy came
up with the incredibly stupid name of
vibe coding for this process but oh well
the actual interaction with the model
though happens with
n8n for this specific app I would not
recommend doing it this way for reasons
that I'll highlight a little bit later
now to overcome some problems in Ann I
had to do some manual work but even that
was pretty easy so we'll look back at
that later as
well so to run it I have a simple
command
nml this is a compiled version of my
narrate my life TS file so let's take a
look at it now I am sure there's going
to be someone asking why I didn't write
the program in whatever their favorite
language is now it's always best if you
write in the language you feel most
familiar with any developer should then
be able to read the code in any language
and adapt it to their language they may
not be able to write a program in a
different language but most devs can
read in any language and adapt so up
here at the top I set some configuration
variables for instance I optimize and
resize the jpegs after capturing them I
was hoping to make it faster but this
actually made very little difference and
then I have a function to take a picture
using the laptop's camera this uses a
CLI tool called image snap then resizing
uses a tool built into the Mac called
sips I have to assume that other
platforms have similar tools so now I
have an image and I can base 64 encode
it when you use models like Gemma 3 they
expect any images apply to them to be
base 64 encoded which is simply a way to
encode a binary file as text then
process image just bundles all those
things up into one function Send image
to web Hook is a function that prepares
a body and then uses fetch to send it to
a URL and return the response this is
used for the first image as well as all
the other images after the first image I
actually send two images with each
request and then have the model talk
about what's new in the image get final
response sends the full text and just
ask the model to complete the story
there isn't really anything about the
prompts in this app this is just sending
the images and the text to
n8n now at any point if I press any key
it stops and requests the final response
so that's what wait for key press is for
so now we get to the main function I get
the first image and send that to narrate
first which is one of my web hooks in
n8n and then it spits out the response
and then it sets the previous image to
this image and the previous text to the
current text so now it goes into a loop
it gets a new image and sends both
images and the previous text to the
narrate subsequent web hook and then
spits out the response it sets the
previous text to what it just outputed
and sets the previous image to the most
recent image and adds the recent text to
the full text and then goes back to the
start of the
loop then when I press a key it sends
all that text to the final response web
hook and outputs that text that's the
client CLI now because I have tasks
defined in doo. Json I can call Doo task
run to run it or Doo task compile to put
out a compiled executable I called nml
that anyone with a Mac can run as is
without even needing typescript or Dino
installed this app was specifically
written for my Mac and so that's why
it's specifically going to run on a Mac
I think this being able to compile and
then share it with others without having
to require Dino or typescript installed
is probably the biggest reason I never
liked using python so let's move over to
n8n so I have a workflow there called
narrate my life in it I have three web
hooks narrate first narrate subsequent
and final response each is configured to
respond with the respond to web hook
node each starts their own flow and each
of those required a slightly different
approach I'll start with the final
response since that was the easiest one
so the web hook hook leads to a basic
llm chain the web hook takes a single
parameter called all text and that's
being fed into the prompt so here's the
prompt up top and the placeholder for
the text from the web hook connected to
the chain is the olama chat model I used
the credential to point it to my big boy
server big boy is just the name I
assigned to a server with tail scale
then I picked Gemma
327b as the model I want the model to
stay alive for 50 minutes and have a
context length of
32k that's going to respond with a lot
more information that I need so I then
have my respond to web hook to Output
the Json that I Define with text equal
to json. text so that was the easy one
now let's look at narrate first the web
hook node is essentially the same thing
but if we look at the basic llm chain we
see that we can add images is by adding
a new user prompt but the only choices
are image binary or image URL I really
wish I could add image base 64 since
that's what models work with but I can't
and then it needs the field name for the
image data although it doesn't explain
this here or in any of the
documentation this field cannot be in
the Json you submitted to the web hook
this needs to be a
file this is such a confusing way to
work so let's go back to the node before
this on this flow convert to file here I
was able to select move Bas 64 string to
file specify the field with the basic C4
string and the field I want to put it in
now we can go back to the llm chain and
now the image makes sense for the prompt
I just have the text I used for the
start the respond to web hook node is
pretty much the same as we had for the
final flow now let's look at the subs
flow I tried to do this the same way as
the first flow but I hit a problem that
it turns out lots of others on the
forums have hit in the past you can't
deal with more than one image binary
being sent to at least this node that
was super frustrating so I had to do a
standard HTTP request for this one it's
not that hard so set the method to post
and the URL for the olama server then
set the body as Json at first I tried
using Fields below but quickly hit a
problem for images you need to supply an
array of your base 64 encoded strings
but if you add the two placeholders into
the text field and8 n will wrap it in
quotes you don't Supply a string but an
array of strings so that fails so set
the drop down to using Json and write
out the full Json here you can see the
full Json that I used you want to make
sure you escape any new lines to get
valid Json the Json 4 the you respond to
web hook has to be a little bit
different on here because the response
from the llm is different but that's it
if I were doing this again I would skip
Ann the only thing it gave me was extra
work to do the main benefit of NN for me
is managing authentication to various
services and for management of
applications months after development
but in this case I had to write an app
to handle capturing the camera anyway
and then use fetch to send the images to
n8n but I should have just done the
fetch straight to aama and saved myself
the extra dependency but using n8n can
just be fun okay so how about the rest
of this my laptop camera is being used
by the app so I also recorded the same
scene from my iPhone resting on my
laptop it was just the camera I had
available then I brought that into Final
Cut and I copied the text from my app
and pasted it into the UI on 11 Labs
then generated the audio and downloaded
that specimen of homos finally I edited
the video to put the contents together I
think it turned out pretty well so what
do you think are you ready to make your
own documentary or do you have another
Concept in mind for using multiple
images with olama I would love to hear
your thoughts in the comments below
thanks so much for watching goodbye